all right wow it's been a while since
I've done one of these things hey this
is key burrito and I'm going to be doing
audio commentary for links quest for the
mask episode 2 and yeah it's been like a
year and two months since I've been one
of these yeah I just really haven't had
very many ideas for links quest for the
mask cuz of late but I'm thinking about
getting back into it soon sometime yeah
so anyways episode episode of hand this
joke you're going to hear soon about
tattle hiding um I confess that it's not
my joke actually stole it from another
wonderful parody artist Mars 1040 I
believe and she was one of my
inspirations for these things I guess
she made the um what's it called a
Ocarina of Time what we didn't see
series and I think she's redoing it
right now like a redux sort of thing if
you want to check it out I mean like
follow along with it so yeah the skull
kid or the happy mask salesman dialog if
you see my later episodes you'll notice
that in this one he has no voice but
when he appears again in episode 6 yeah
episode 6 he has a voice um I guess
earlier on I didn't want to do voices
for characters I didn't need to do it i
just wanted to read the scripts and make
jokes about it but then i realized that
i would need to actually talk to make
some of the jokes that I wanted to do
what kind of evolved so yeah I'm just
reacting to what he says here and
cursing a lot wow guess I was such a
rebel back then huh yeah I know he's not
actually five um i guess it was kind of
a slip of tongue he looks five when he's
in Deku scrub form he's probably not
he's probably like 10 or something but
yeah he looks like a five-year-old Oh in
the happy mask salesman is not only a
gay
but also a pedophile I hope you
appreciated my singing in that part I
actually had a whole song planned out
that I would sing whenever the daytime
changed and I still do i'm still gonna
do that so for as it i'm not going to
ruin the whole song but it's pretty
awesome and then I'm going to horribly
ad-lib the fairies lines yeah I think I
had like a kind of a half scripts
written out for this episode but I
didn't follow it I like lost it or
something so I had to kind of make up
some stuff but a lot of the lines were
also pre-planned yep so yeah that's
pretty much how I roll when it comes to
making these videos like half planet
half just wing it make up whatever and
then the dog I've always hated that dog
he kills you as a decade from he doesn't
appreciate the true value of deca shrubs
are so awesome and I right or am i right
right right guys deca shrubs awesome
yeah yeah yeah I'm right FMV full motion
video and it's not I'm sorry so yeah
you're going to soon see the first of
many glitches in this game that au
exploits and this one lets you go
outside as deck of link obviously a
couple facts about this glitch um or
rather just one want to go outside
there's no music playing so that's what
the comments about let's have some music
I said like turn on some music please
key burrito that's what that's all about
because there's not actually any music
playing outside probably not clear from
the audio yeah links parents are dead
think they said something about that in
the ocarina of time cutscenes is like I
remember correctly it was um that his
mother was writing for the forest after
his father died and she threw him into
the Kokiri Forest so the Deku Tree could
raise him and there's another joka stole
from Mars I'm sorry seriously check out
our videos are really cool yeah I uh I
guess I kinda like final fantasy tactics
advance which is where this music is
from by the way um yeah I think it was
it was like my first final fantasy game
it's a crappy game to start off from I
know but you know it has some nostalgic
value for me and I kind of like it but
I'm not really good at games like that
though I mean strategy RPG is like I
like it partway through it the first
couple of levels and I just quit because
it gets too complicated story of my life
I'm starting to run out of steam here I
mean in the video goes like I'm all out
of breath and I'm all like um I made it
to the moon no jeez gotta think of some
more jokes it's a struggle battle of
life or death
and yeah next video is linked the deco
nights and I'm so awesome i referenced
the dark knight like a year before it
even came out I can read the future yes
well conceived wrong well is this video
ki burritos signing off guys expect more
videos soon